fix: reflect that runtime 2.2.0 is now live on Polkadot and Kusama (#1717)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: node-infrastructure/run-a-validator/onboarding-and-offboarding/key-management.md

Setting up your validator's session keys is essential to associate your node with your stash account on the Polkadot network. Validators use session keys to participate in the consensus process. Your validator can only perform its role in the network by properly setting session keys which consist of several key pairs for different parts of the protocol (e.g., GRANDPA, BABE). These keys must be registered on-chain and associated with your validator node to ensure it can participate in validating blocks.

!!! warning "Breaking change introduced in runtime 2.2.0"
    Runtime 2.2.0 introduced a new session key generation flow using the `author_rotateKeysWithOwner` RPC, which requires your stash account as a parameter and returns both the session keys and a cryptographic proof of ownership. This proof must be included when submitting `setKeys`. The previous `author_rotateKeys` RPC and the Subkey approach are no longer supported for new key generation. If your validator already has session keys set on-chain and you are not rotating them, no action is required.

>     Polkadot and Kusama are well past runtime 2.2.0, so the new flow is the only supported path on both networks. The **Pre-2.2.0 (Legacy)** tab below is kept for reference and applies only to networks still running a pre-2.2.0 runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Polkadot and Kusama are beyond runtime 2.2.0, so the new flow is the only supported path on both networks. The **Pre-2.2.0 (Legacy)** tab below is kept for reference and applies only to networks still running a pre-2.2.0 runtime.
```

>     Polkadot and Kusama are currently on runtime 2.3.1 (well past 2.2.0), so the new flow is the only supported path on both networks. The **Pre-2.2.0 (Legacy)** tab below is kept for reference and applies only to networks still running a pre-2.2.0 runtime.

Reviewer 2: I believe it's worth making the documentation aging a bit better without pinning to current live version so just saying that we are past 2.2.0 is fine imho so the documentation stays fresh once we bump to 2.3.x, 2.4.y etc

Author: on it

Setting up your validator's session keys is essential to associate your node with your stash account on the Polkadot network. Validators use session keys to participate in the consensus process. Your validator can only perform its role in the network by properly setting session keys which consist of several key pairs for different parts of the protocol (e.g., GRANDPA, BABE). These keys must be registered on-chain and associated with your validator node to ensure it can participate in validating blocks.

!!! warning "Breaking change in runtime 2.2.0"

>     Runtime 2.2.0 (now live on Polkadot and Kusama) introduced a new session key generation flow using the `author_rotateKeysWithOwner` RPC, which requires your stash account as a parameter and returns both the session keys and a cryptographic proof of ownership. This proof must be included when submitting `setKeys`. The previous `author_rotateKeys` RPC and the Subkey approach are no longer supported for new key generation. If your validator already has session keys set on-chain and you are not rotating them, no action is required.

Reviewer 2: now Polkadot and Kusama have moved to 2.3.1 so we should maybe rephrase this to capture that

=== "Pre-2.2.0 (Legacy)"

>     Polkadot and Kusama are well past runtime 2.2.0, so this legacy flow is no longer applicable on those networks. Use it only if you are operating on a network still running a pre-2.2.0 runtime. On such a network, there are multiple ways to create the session keys: interacting with the [Polkadot.js Apps UI](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/explorer){target=\_blank}, using the curl command, or using [Subkey](https://paritytech.github.io/polkadot-sdk/master/subkey/index.html){target=\_blank}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Polkadot and Kusama are beyond runtime 2.2.0, so this legacy flow is no longer applicable on those networks. Use it only if you are operating on a network still running a pre-2.2.0 runtime. On such a network, there are multiple ways to create the session keys: interacting with the [Polkadot.js Apps UI](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/explorer){target=\_blank}, using the curl command, or using [Subkey](https://paritytech.github.io/polkadot-sdk/master/subkey/index.html){target=\_blank}.
```

>     Runtime 2.2.0 is already live on Polkadot and Kusama, so this legacy flow is no longer the standard path on those networks. Use it only if you are operating on a network that has not yet upgraded to runtime 2.2.0. On such a network, there are multiple ways to create the session keys: interacting with the [Polkadot.js Apps UI](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/explorer){target=\_blank}, using the curl command, or using [Subkey](https://paritytech.github.io/polkadot-sdk/master/subkey/index.html){target=\_blank}.

Reviewer 2: same as before - all chains have moved past 2.2.0

>     Polkadot and Kusama are currently on runtime 2.3.1 — well past 2.2.0 — so this legacy flow is no longer applicable on those networks. Use it only if you are operating on a network still running a pre-2.2.0 runtime. On such a network, there are multiple ways to create the session keys: interacting with the [Polkadot.js Apps UI](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/explorer){target=\_blank}, using the curl command, or using [Subkey](https://paritytech.github.io/polkadot-sdk/master/subkey/index.html){target=\_blank}.

Reviewer 2: same - wouldn't pin to 2.3.1
